=List of videos on how to get pointers=

==target==
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdLvUK6mvVY
==status==
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_m3kFVEgWeU
==sprite==
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVXWOpZTM0Q
==player==
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlLzroDSs4c
==open==
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rx0o26Izv4U
==name & char==
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgyosIBw5no
==misc==
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRdscUjB04E
==minimap==
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chQoHsg2OVE
==map==
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvP4q9VDSso
==cursor==
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuEgfsw8jdc
==chat==
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKnz8OhLEf0

=Guide=
This is assuming you know how to use CheatEngine. This will simplify updating your pointers for your client.
{{{
STATUS=get it from HP, this is very self explanatory
Target=also simple 1|0 value
tX=Target + 0x4
tY=Target + 0x8
Name=also simple
Cursor=value of 1 = red cursor can't click, 3 = sword hovered to enemies, 5 = npc hover, 0 = normal
MiscBase=get it from ExpCap
Player=get it from Zoom, zoomed out value = 15, zoomed in = 2 (float)
MiniMapBase=get it from CurrentLoc above the minimap, just keep switching places
MapBase=get it from mapdX, its a string value for the coordinates in the map. Make sure you alt+tab so it doesnt get lost
OpenBase=simple open # of windows and check for that, the offsets are openWin
CharBase=search for your name, and compare the offsets for ListStart offsets 0,e4,8,20 - 0 can change
SpriteBase=get the left coordinates of F6 sprite, value is 0-Client Width, if you go beyond 0 it becomes a large value. Make use of decreased and increased value. The offset should be 4,8,C
ChatBase=just search for complete chats like [World]Name:Hello and look for Chat offset 328,70,0,4 - 0 can change.
Thats it. Simply scanning for pointers with checked improve scan, will get you the offsets and just compare it to the current offsets.
}}}